So let's code this.
We already have the subset sum code.
Right?
so What I'll simply do is.
What was this?
It was include.
It was
Exclude
Exclude will remain same.
which is x mile and instead of include into the sum once.
What we'll do is includ in your sum multiple number of time.
Multiple times.
That means this.
I just remove index over here, simple just remove minus one.
And now what is this doing?
If something is greater than the index, it will call it so there will be a time when what will happen.
sum will might be less than index and this won't be called and this will be called this.
Go back and tell me what this sum is.
cool.
So I just removed minus one over there.
We know that it will never be an infinite loop either a index is reducing.
That's why it was mentioned.
It was mentioned in the starting of the problem that it's the array of non-negative number right and
so either this will reduce or this will reduce right.
so in this case, what I have is I don't want to use 0 because if I'm using zero here, then it might
go into a serious problem right because sum-0 will be zero only.
And we're not reducing index as well so if index, sum will then call index, sum right so just
make sure one thing that this array doesn't contain any zero.
Because if even if the array contains zero, it doesn't make sense right because that zero is redundant.
We don't want it.
It's the seventh.
Wheel basically even if it's there, then also its fine, if it's not there then also it's fine.
Just make sure that zero is not there.
right.
And.
for the 2nd problem?
When the values are Repeating, I will just say that now the array is not.
not of non-negative integers, but just positive.
integers.
That means there shouldn't be any.
If there's a zero, it will go on forever right and now let me build it.
cool, now you can easily see that the 22 sum is possible from these array and when when you
can use any of them multiple number of times.
so guys
subset
sum.
Repeating numbers.
So actually this is another problem which is called the coin change problem.
I don't know if you have heard about it or not.
It's called coin change problem and it says that you want to change a particular sum and you have some
coins.
You have a finite supply of coins of 1,2,5,10,20
So instead of one, two, five, ten, 20, what you have is you're going to have an infinite supply
of some particular number of coins let's say 3,7,4 maybe and so on.
And yeah, and you have been given a sum.
Let's say I give you sum 150 and I want a change.
And then you have to figure out whether the change is possible from the number of rupees that we have.
cool.
So this subset sum Repeating is also a coin change problem.
So I've covered the coin change problem here.
Only what you're going to do is you go ahead and try to, you know.
Formulate this.
All right, go go on.
And just read the coin change problem with the Internet and you will instantly realize that it's the
same and in the next video, what we'll do is we'll simply optimize it further.
We will try to go bottom up and then we'll optimize the memory complexity because it's not easy to optimize
the memory complexity while coding it.
So we'll code it bottom up in the tabular form and.
great! see you in the next part guys, thank you!